[OSDOCS#16961]: AUTH-3: Roles, Security Contexts, and Access Policies-CQA-1 (#115746)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-context-constraints-psa-about.adoc

[id="security-context-constraints-psa-about_{context}"]
= About pod security admission

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use pod security admission modes, such as enforce, warn, and audit, along with security profiles to control which pods are allowed to run in your cluster at the global and namespace level.

Reviewer: Sentence has 34 words but should not be more than 22.

> You can use pod security admission modes, such as `enforce`, `warn`, or `audit—along` with security profiles to restrict which pods run in your cluster. This control can be applied at both the global and namespace levels.

> You can use pod security admission modes, such as `enforce`, `warn`, or `audit`, along with security profiles to restrict which pods run in your cluster. This control can be applied at both the global and namespace levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use pod security admission modes, such as `enforce`, `warn`, or `audit`, along with security profiles to restrict which pods run in your cluster. You can apply this control at both the global and namespace levels.
```
